.. title:
.. slug: index
.. date: 2015-12-29 22:13:35 UTC+13:00
.. tags: 
.. category: 
.. link: 
.. description: 
.. type: text

On 30 April, we're working together to make Open Educational Resources. Join us.

On 30 April, 2016, a range of teachers, librarians, academics, technologists, editors and maybe even a few lawyers will get together around the 
country to collaboratively produce free, open educational resources.

These resources will then become available for *anyone* to access, adapt and reuse.

We want to grow a commons of open educational resources, so that every teacher in New Zealand has free and open access to all the resources they need, without having to ask permission or reinvent the wheel. If you want to know more about open educational resources in New Zealand schools, you can read more here.

We'll be building on the success of similar projects, such as the Media Text Hack, in which a group of educators created a free and open Media 
Studies undergraduate textbook in a weekend (now an assigned textbook at the University of Otago).

Register your interest, and help us make open educational resources for kiwi educators.

Open Educational Resources

The aim of the Open Educational Resource (OER) sprint aims to make and adapt new OERs in a limited time-frame. Learn more about Open Educational 
Resources and the OER Sprints.

Help organise the OER Sprints

We're looking for people to help plan and run the events. If you want to help organise or host an event (or if you're just feeling nosy), 
you can join our open Loomio group.

Sponsor the OER Sprints

We're looking for national and local sponsors for the Open Educational Resource sprints. Whether you're a local or national organisation, 
if you're keen to help out, please get in touch.

Locations and Venues

Dunedin

Venue: TBD
When: TBD
Contact: TBD

Hamilton

Venue: University of Waikato
When: TBD
Contact: nwrobert@waikato.ac.nz

Tauranga

Venue: House of Science
8/58 Cross Road, Sulphur Point
When: 30 April - 1 May
Contact: chris@houseofscience.org.nz

Christchurch

Venue: Core Education
142 Kilmore Street, Christchurch
Time: TBD
Contact: TBD

Whanganui

Where: Double Farley, Level 3, 15 Watt Street, Whanganui.
When: 30 April & 1 May, 2016
Contact: melita@doublefarley.com

Auckland

Venue: TBD
Time: TBD
Contact: TBD

Wellington

Venue: Royal Society of New Zealand
11 Turnbull St, Thorndon
Time: 10am - 5pm
Contact: matt@creativecommons.org.nz

Brought to you by:

